Update doc+tests for batch publish (#1230)
ably/ably-dotnet: README.md

DateTimeOffset time = await client.TimeAsync();
```

> ### Making explicit HTTP requests to Ably Rest Endpoints / Batch publish
> - `AblyRest->Request` method should be used to make explicit HTTP requests.
> - It automatically adds necessary auth headers based on the initial auth config.
> - Following is an example of batch publish based on [ably batch publish rest endpoint doc](https://ably.com/docs/api/rest-api#batch-publish).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Making explicit HTTP requests to Ably Rest Endpoints / Batch publish
- The `AblyRest->Request` method should be used to make explicit HTTP requests.
- It automatically adds necessary auth headers based on the initial auth config and supports pagination.
- The following is an example of using the batch publish API based on the [Ably batch publish rest endpoint documentation](https://ably.com/docs/api/rest-api#batch-publish).
```
